problems have got fans to the
playing field
with the most serious at this moment said
from the American bar
Obvious situation is obviously going on
against the show of the procedure of
party that was developing in
a good way it shows in the
america players uneasiness of
made some of them go to calm the
bar of america de cali because this is
an abnormal situation and that naturally
makes it difficult to show and to transfer
of the party between one and the others the
police begins to make presence in the
field this is a situation
extradeportiva quite uncomfortable and that
makes the party stop in this
time exactly to 53 minutes
we carry one in this situation
exponential 10 in this second treats
it seems that the whole problem is reduced
cat and vials on the subject of works
not the so-called rags for them
the teams know very well the
behavior of barrels players
well to each one his tribunes that
calmen is at this moment has no
no justification under any point
has seen a game in calm process
without any problem an expulsion that
it was deserved then they are in this
record moment your players do not del
america to its unique popular bar
need ortega of the chalice to his bar in
the southern sense that calm down so that
follow the game without any problem what
what we want to see is football we want
them abandoned obviously it differs
of the lord
in these players remember that local
is the sports cali and eduardo lara in
this moment he calls all his staff he
is saying to leave with the
costume has asked the players of the
American box they retire and they
is removing all the players from
america de cali very well then state
and had the commitment in this part of the
party exactly 10 minutes
which we already have about 3
minutes in average torque you spent
I wanted to write something down
here the issue is that the team the team
local is sporty cali the owner of the
square is the green and white team but
what we have observed but not sciences
of the American team who invaded
the playing field has not been that
then that directly harms the
scarlet team that's also very
clear because they want to hurt what
which is the whole team of white
no guarantees are still getting the
people al to the warrior and paschal stadium
it will be very difficult to continue the
party when there are no guarantees
companions